an applause for editus and also a hertz
that accompany us from the museum of the
children thank you very much
and the versions the interpretation of the
novel and the arrangements of them is
Excellent
Pamela was a woman nominated to the
grammy last year with a song in
sauce that he recorded with the people of are
leticia and an extraordinary artist
beautiful, very good, good people, we have
now to the samsung in front
you were in the band
I missed the name of the band
homeless companions
from our lady helpless thank you
sponsored by the shaman company and already
we have it here
to the front very large, by the way
at least for what we achieved here
see the distance
and very well presented
it's beautiful it's very cute
at present
the nationality
has worried from the feet in
ahead
the uniformity in the shoes calls you
attention
We listened for a little while
ah
I want to tell that we saw it in image
but possibly some obvious not
have captured the moment one of the
members of this band is a
blind girl not blind and I do not know if
the companions in the mobile is in a
very nice
that we did not want to let escape until
this to have a society integrated in
that people even have a problem
like there is a serious serious disease
that can participate this is these
extraordinary and worthy of holder of
period I said I do not know if you do not
they noticed but the sides are totally
made up of women are all women
they really are all women
in the school our lady of woman
the shoes
j
that is the truth
I do not give mauricio nancy account or I
I do not know I'd like to have the name of the
not sighted girl
and the girl who is accompanying him
if you were so kind to
look for this data because I think
worthy of prays already superior balance of the
screen here I am with them what is your
first name
yamilé de ciega accompanies
andrea good girls
thank you very much Edgar she is called
andrew in which accompanies her is called
Yamilet Andrea and Yamil is very beautiful very
nice the truth that I can be redeemed and
worthy to recognize the truth that there is no
limitations as there are always some
way to solve your limitation spoke
I like a blind youth I think it was him
last year they for example
ride on the bus and even smells them
let you know if they are close to the
stop where you have to go down
and that is to adapt life to
conditions that one has
let's go to a commercial pause friends this
It is the eighteenth festival of light
live by telethon you are
enjoying in the family and with our
the television family of costa rica
we are back